hours ago minutes ago
these men were behind barbed wire locked
in the strongest cage that man could
devise these men plotted these men dared
these men lived The Great Escape
this was the camp these were the
staggering odds this is a new camp it
has been built toward you and your men
it is organized to incorporate all the
effluent of security measures we have in
effect put all our Roughnecks in one
basket and we intend to watch this
basket careful very wise
there will be no escapes from this camp
how many you taken out 250 250 yeah
you're crazy you want to be locked up
you to 250 guys you're walking down the
road just like that these were the man
Hills the cooler king who broke every
rule as fast as the Germans made Hendley
the scrounger he'd come up with a baby
elephant of the men needed
dear me
where's your kit this is it arrest was
confiscated in the last shakedown the
goons didn't appreciate some of my more
personal items such a Bartlett big X the
prime mover behind this true incredible
story he held their lives in the palm of
his hand
Ramsey the planner ready to take the rap
for every man in the camp Danny the
tunnel King he dug 16 escape tunnels in
16 different prisons and the Germans
still have him
Sedgwick the manufacturer he can make
anything out of anything else and make
it work these were the reckless defiant
men
these men plotted these men dared these
men lived The Great Escape
a great drunk great entertainment a
great adventure begins with The Great
Escape
you